Note what each crate is for in its readme (#602)
googlefonts/fontc: fontdrasil/README.md

# fontdrasil

[![MIT/Apache 2.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT%2FApache-blue.svg)](#license)

> fontdrasil: Connects all layers of fontc. A reference to Yggdrasil, the world tree.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fontdrasil: Common types and functionality shared between all layers of fontc.
```

Author: Less Yggdrasil is clearly worse. I'll take your preamble but leave the Yggdrasil.
